Update code coverage docs (#20778)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/tests/code_coverage.md

When code coverage is available, the Datadog Tracer (v2.31.0 or later) reports it under the `test.code_coverage.lines_pct` tag for your test sessions.

> If you are using [Coverlet][1] to compute your code coverage, indicate the path to the report file in the `DD_CIVISIBILITY_EXTERNAL_CODE_COVERAGE_PATH` environment variable when running `dd-trace`. The report file must be in the OpenCover or Cobertura formats. Alternatively, you can enable the Datadog Tracer’s built-in code coverage calculation with the `DD_CIVISIBILITY_CODE_COVERAGE_ENABLED=true` env variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [Coverlet][1] to compute your code coverage, indicate the path to the report file in the `DD_CIVISIBILITY_EXTERNAL_CODE_COVERAGE_PATH` environment variable when running `dd-trace`. The report file must be in the OpenCover or Cobertura formats. Alternatively, you can enable the Datadog Tracer's built-in code coverage calculation with the `DD_CIVISIBILITY_CODE_COVERAGE_ENABLED=true` env variable.
```

This should fix Vale's suggestion for straight quotes instead of smart quotes.

Author: thanks!
